readme.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0">
        <img alt="License: GPL v3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-4c1.svg" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://docs.python.org/3/">
        <img alt="Feito com Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/">
        <img alt="Markdown Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" />
    </a><br>
    <a href="https://doc.qt.io/qtforpython-6/">
        <img alt="PySide6 Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-PySide6-41CD52?style=flat&logo=qt&logoColor=white" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/SeuNome/MeuProjetoLegal/releases">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/Anthony-Davi001/Aether-editor?sort=semver&label=version&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Versão mais recente do projeto" />
    </a>
</div>
<br>

# Aether Editor

<img src="aether_icon.png" width=150px  align="right">

### crie documentos escrevendo markdown

#### funções já presentes:

- conversão e salvamento para documentos pdf.
- escrita de markdown.
- preview do resultado final.

## visualização:

![visualização do app](preview.png)

## como baixar:

#### clone o repositório

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Anthony-Davi001/Aether-editor.git
```
#### instale as dependências:

```bash
pip install PySide6
pip install Pygments
pip install markdown
```

#### rode o arquivo `main.py`:

```
python3 main.py
```

Commit message:

addition of code documentation, style themes, markdown syntax highlighting, and optimization of preview updates.

readme.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0">
        <img alt="License: GPL v3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-4c1.svg" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://docs.python.org/3/">
        <img alt="Made With Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/">
        <img alt="Markdown Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Markdown-000000?style=flat&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" />
    </a><br>
    <a href="https://doc.qt.io/qtforpython-6/">
        <img alt="PySide6 Badge" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-PySide6-41CD52?style=flat&logo=qt&logoColor=white" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/SeuNome/MeuProjetoLegal/releases">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/Anthony-Davi001/Aether-editor?sort=semver&label=version&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Versão mais recente do projeto" />
    </a>
</div>
<br>

# Aether Editor

<img src="aether_icon.png" width=150px  align="right">

### Create documents by writing markdown

#### Current features:

- Convert and save documents to PDF.
- Markdown writing.
- Live preview of the final result.
- Syntax highlighting.
- Styling themes

## Visualization: 

![visualization of app](preview.png)

## How to download:

#### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Anthony-Davi001/Aether-editor.git
```
#### Install dependencies:

```bash
pip install PySide6
pip install Pygments
pip install markdown
```

#### Run the `main.py` file:

```
python3 main.py
```
